docs: description of netapp storage to the storage pkg structure section in README (#28)
lablup/backend.ai-storage-proxy: README.md

    - `agent`: Implementation of `AbstractVolumeAgent` with XFS support
  - `purestorage`
    - PureStorage's FlashBlade-optimized backend with RapidFile Toolkit (formerly PureTools)
  - `netapp`

>     - Reflecting the status of heterogeneous Netapp storages by facing NetApp ONTAP Rest API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - NetApp QTree integration backend based on the NetApp ONTAP REST API
```
* Rest API -> REST API
* Like description of all other backends, let's make it consistently a noun phrase based on "backend"

Author: Got it! I'll fix it right away.
